[DOCS-7781] Product Analytics docs (#23241)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/product_analytics/analytics_explorer/export.md

---
title: Export Product Analytics Events and Graphs
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "/real_user_monitoring/explorer/search/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Search for your events"
- link: "/dashboards"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Dashboards"
- link: "/notebooks"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Notebooks"
- link: "/monitors"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Monitors"
---

## Overview

You can use your Product Analytics query and visualization graphs in dashboards, monitors, and notebooks.

## Export the search query or visualization

You can copy, export, or download your aggregated search query and visualization graphs in the [Analytics Explorer][1].

{{< img src="product_analytics/export/export-more.png" alt="Export button in the right hand corner of the RUM Explorer" width="100%" >}}

Click the **More** button on the right hand corner and select an option from the dropdown menu:

> - Download your search results as a CSV file for individual RUM events and specific aggregations. You can export up to 5,000 individual RUM events with lists and up to 500 aggregations for timeseries, top lists, and table graphs.

Author: It's the same option :)

> - Download your search results as a CSV file for individual RUM events and specific aggregations. You can export up to 5,000 individual RUM events with lists and up to 500 aggregations for timeseries, top lists, and table graphs.

Author: This is like a note for the same feature, though I just realized it should say "Product Analytics" instead of "RUM"

> - Download your search results as a CSV file for individual RUM events and specific aggregations. You can export up to 5,000 individual RUM events with lists and up to 500 aggregations for timeseries, top lists, and table graphs.

Author: ```suggestion
- Download your search results as a CSV file for individual Product Analytics events and specific aggregations. You can export up to 5,000 individual Product Analytics events with lists and up to 500 aggregations for timeseries, top lists, and table graphs.
```
